 so it's hard to take a quick note. Where can I
 bubble script? And this is do I ever keep notes now?
 Or we can and recognize with the voice. And
 basically what I wanna do is when you're improved.
 Testing testing hasn't been everything, don't we
 need to be? However, I'm constant years and focusing
 on something that's new and old. Hmm, I always come
 back around the sea. I'm just kind of as a basis in
 terms of some understanding as a lower level system.
 But to me it's just gonna interesting. I don't
 really know it that well. I kind of forget it. And.
 Java's not seen or Thomas gripp's not see how UN
 bubble script is. What is? It's kind of cool to
 derivative of other things and ideas. Kind of match
 together, but ultimately it works the way it does
 and I'm really happy with the progress. However, I'm
 just feeling like I kind of wanna dabble somewhere
 else for a minute and see what I can get done.
 Because I think we have a lot of really good core
 basis for the sip system. In general, the
 application has kind of grown and matured cause I'm
 just growing like an unreally thing. I'm, it's being
 cool down and make better.  So I'm happy with the
 progress however, like I said, lower the last couple
 weeks. I'm just composing on different things and
 let's see the project might bring a bit of bit
 scattered. It's just kind of what it is and to get
 them to get. We couldn't really test. Testing would
 have been an distraction and this is not about. You
 know, an evolution of testing? Yes, perhaps, but
 it's really about getting the functionality in
 place. Runs the functionality existing. And we're
 happy with the code. We can kind of finalize things
 and make sure they're tested before. I'm not forging
 ahead because when we change things. Everything
 breaks and the new functionality doesn't necessarily
 work all that well.  Silly been used some material
 theoretically present. But we have a good grasp on
 it and I think my father comes around and play with
 this and I Don't think I can take their course, but
 in The Wanted Touch base with the sea stuff, we had
 pretty good Deep tie in it, allow back and there's a
 lot of potential there. I'm probably gonna start
 with the link list structure. It's nice about see if
 we can work with the structure.  Like structure,
 right structures and functions and kind of seeing
 all that works together, there's not many classes
 and see, so it's kind of kind of forces to kind of
 focus more on the functions, and we can see how
 different it turns out from the Javascript, we'll
 get into iterators. I don't really Miss you know how
 this imagining there's pretty standard and good ways
 of doing it. It's nice as we'll be working very
 close to what the computer's working with the pets
 and it's you know, and we'll get into data types and
 all that. Stuff, I'm sure to make that I work
 there's other programming languages that we can
 choose and work with. But I feel like those would be
 a next step in the meantime.  Now we just kind of
 want to get a sea implementation going, it's really
 more of a pork from like we have working with the
 child scripts and we'll come around and make bubble
 script more bubbly, what it needs to be to be bubble
 script, to actually be something that serves the
 purpose. Why you might use it instead of something
 else, I think we already kind of have a niche in
 terms of that that you might use bubble script,
 because it has the different parentheses, you might
 appreciate that it's Ruby ask in the sense that you
 don't have to necessarily have the parentheses, you
 can close the friends with the;, some of that stuff
 was just kind of like, well, honestly, a lot of that
 was there from the beginning. Like these are kind of
 puppies I had about using Javascript things.  Josh
 could probably won't with that when I pick one at
 basically, he's a sea style language but also when
 you translate it, you start using this, you have the
 other problem so you know, I was going to try of my
 fit and I'm becoming easy meeting him. You know kind
 of just right. These are the things that's going to
 take time to get to that point where we know what it
 is. And in the meantime, I'm like I said. I'm gonna
 be focused on the sea and this is really just a
 test. Winter
