 While the ability to write code is a phenomenal
 development of Ai, and opens the doors to
 countless possibilities, relying on such is
 really akin to putting the cat before the
 goats.

  What you gain in shortened (perhaps
  exponentially) turn around), you forfiet in
  understanding as well as personal choices and
  preference, which ultimatum translates into
  technical debt. Of coarse, if you're never
  going to look at the code, what does it
  matter, but then what is the point of having
  it write code?

  Certianly the code is instrumental, and the
  understanding worth its weight to gain. Code
  is great because it is expressive and
  partical. Explaning intentions in natural
  language quickly breaks down, even in human to
  human instructions. Code serves as an
  intermediary, and it's worth is beyond
  exfoliation.  (explination).

   Good Bless the code.


i find Ai a very useful to as an answer engine,
which greatly speed things up while really not
forfeiting too much. Honestly, mostly hair
pulling and fustration. Understanding comes
along with doing it yourself, and quick and good
answers reduces friction along the merry way.

We still need to learn our tools, and the
problem domain, and that requires time. Time is
a benifit, and using it wisely is paramount.

There will be haves and have nots, and code
generation will certianly be the favored and
true solution to many tasks, especialy
monatonmous ones, or even ones looking over the
ledge. Finding the right mix is the maxium.


Even with instant answers, hot and ready, the
occasional deep dive, or even semi reagular
grazing over orginal sources can lead to the
unveiling of mountains of knowledge. The old
methods of research have their charms and place,
but they are not without their drags either. A
lot of that content in inundated with
advertisments and the like. It's existance
shouldn't demand our consumption. In some cases
it may merely serve to feed an aggragate from
which we pull (ai). Much of it has reined and if
worthy will continue to. We can call this
information churn, and it may be the solution to
otherwise stagnation.

Technology evolves. We must evolve with it.
